Our site as a whole brings about lots of different portions within UW to make it easier for the students. Information from rate my professor, the UW schedules, as well as nearby buildings can be easily accessed. 

In "Registration & Filter", students can filter classes according to various criteria, like location, professor, rating or if the class is CR/NC. For example, if someone was looking for which class to take based on professor, our design allows the ratings to be easily found and shown so the users can compare. When looking at classes, if I’m debating between Neal Koblitz, Matthew Conroy, and Alexandra Nichifor, I can see that their 3 ratings show 2.5, 3.0, and 4.7 respectively. This leads me to believe Alexandra would be the best choice if I went forward to take her class. I can even base on primarily on what time the class is being taught and who is teaching it. If I plan on looking at Honors 220, I can see Section A, who’s teaching it, and that the timing of the class is 3:30 to 4:30. The benefit of this is that you can pick your schedule based on class, timing, teachers, places, or even the rating a teacher has received. Like looking up Astr 192 will let me see the section, place, time, teacher without going through various parts of MyPlan.

Our design also makes it very accessible for students to look for nearby buildings and empty classrooms. If I just finish a class and have another class after half an hour, I probably don't want to go far to find a place to study or come back to dorm. Then I can use "Check for empty classroom", which includes a map and a list of all the available buildings currently and rooms within them, to find a nearby empty room and study there waiting for next class.

Our data visualization type takes the student into a completely new view however. By this tab, it is easily accessible for what prerequisites I need to take based on the classes I am looking for. For example, if I plan to take AA 210, it’ll show me that I need to have already taken Math 126/136 and PHY 121. Similarly, if I plan on taking AA 260, I’d need more courses such as Chem 140/142/144/145, MATH 126/129/136, as well as PHY 121. This way looking at what I need to get accomplished would be easier and faster by simply clicking on the tab.

Our user can also access some fun facts that are associated with UW Classes. By looking at the Fun Fact! tab, various and interesting fun facts can appear.

Background: Our group collected data from four major directions using web scrapy: UW schedule, UW buildings, UW classes with prerequisites and rate-my-professor, and then connected them via common info. The UW schedule includes data about course name, section, time, professor etc. and we added the available ratings from rate-my-professor to the lecturers to build the "Registration & Filter" part. The building dataset includes almost all the buildings on campus and their corresponding longitude and latitude, which can be combined to the schedule dataset to find out which classrooms are available in each building currently using the time, building and room columns in schedule dataset. With so much information, it occurred to us that we can calculate some fun facts about the UW classes based on the schedule dataset and that's how Fun Fact! part was born.

Our design overall allows the user to decide what courses they plan on taking according to the professors, location, and rating received. All of these can be easily found within the site in order to make it easier for students at UW.
